[DBM][Oracle] Add Multi-tenant/Non-CDB tabs to RAC setup page (#36386)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_oracle/rac.md

Reviewer: This was flagged during review, there isn't a section on this page for this anchor link.

```suggestion
1. Install or verify the Oracle integration
```

Author: we can mark this as resolved but if you'd like to fix, or suggest a fix I am happy to do it

### Create the Datadog user

> {{% dbm-create-oracle-user %}}

Reviewer: To confirm you want to drop this text:

> If you already have the legacy Oracle integration installed, the user already exists, and you can skip this step. 
>
> Create a read-only login to connect to your server and grant the required permissions:

Reviewer 2: I think we're far enough along that most customers don't have the legacy integration anymore, and even if they do, re-creating the user will not be a failed command, so removing that first line is probably not a problem:

> If you already have the legacy Oracle integration installed, the user already exists, and you can skip this step.

Author: Good call — agreed. Removed in fb3f95ed.

### Configure the Agent

> Configure the Agent for each RAC node. Use the tab that matches your Oracle deployment type (the `username` value must match the user created above).

Reviewer: Removing directional language to match our docs style guide:

```suggestion
Configure the Agent for each RAC node. Use the tab that matches your Oracle deployment type. The `username` value must match the user you created previously.
```
